DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Ground Control to Major Dan!
We've finally detected all six Attributes!
What's that... Marucho?
It means that our mission to Naga is almost complete!
You're right!
We're on our way!
Now to bring down that creepy clown!
ALL: Go Brawlers!
[\u266a]
I think I'm going to be sick, Preyas!
Just turn your head please!
Excuse me but, are you sure we're going the right way?
Ah, I don't think now's the time to stop for directions!
Don't worry about it, you guys...
Nobolion said it was this way!
And I'm sure he'd know the way!
What do we do when we find the Silent Core?
We take it away from Naga!
Follow me!
DAN: Whoa! So this is the center of Vestroia!
Talk about a whole lotta of freaky!
RUNO: Wait a minute...
ALICE: There's nothing here!
MARUCHO: It appears to be deserted!
Where are you, Naga?
Where are you hiding?
I don't sense his presence...
I know!
He was probably tipped off we were coming after him
and the gutless creep took off running!
Lucky for him because I was ready for a work out!
Yeah, a workout on his face!
[laughter]
I don't think he'd run!
There's something not right here...
I agree!
[static]
JOE: Dan! Dan! Can you read me?
Come in, Dan! Come in!
Hello?
... Can anyone read me?
Yeah Joe!
I can hear you!
You've gotta come back! Hurry! Hurry!
You serious?
REPORTER: It seems the recent world-wide weather
catastrophes have settled down.
But while things are returning to normal,
there is no official word on what may have caused them.
From the Channel 8 NewsCopter,
this is Tiffany reporting!
Whoa! That giant hole in the sky just...
just disappeared!
And look!
So did the one in the Pacific Ocean!
Well if you ask me, I think the government's
behind the whole thing!
It's aliens I tell you!
Aliens!
[laughs] That's right my pets...
The time has come...
for all in the world to feel the supreme wrath of Hal-G!
[evil laughter]
[bell tolling]
Arise...
my Bakugan!
[\u266a]
[crowd screaming]
Hmph!
So this is the human world!
[crashing]
My car!
Oh I am so sorry...
correct me if I'm wrong but I'm pretty sure I had dibs
on that parking stall!
Gargonoids!
This shall be our new playground!
[evil laugh] The fun is about to begin!
REPORTER: That's right, Chuck,
it looks like some kind of invasion!
And reports from our affiliates around the world
say bizarre creatures are popping up everywhere!
And this just in!
They've even been spotted out on the high seas!
It's a nightmare!
I'm guessing here, but...
Those are Naga's Bakugan...
I just wish I knew his plan!
I believe I know what Naga's up to...
Hey hang on!
Did he create the Hole just to lure the Brawlers
away from here and into Vestroia?
Exactly!
With the Brawlers and their Bakugan out of the picture,
coming after me to get the Infinity Core becomes
that much easier for Naga!
We're virtually defenseless!
So what'd we do?
REPORTER: This just in, Chuck!
A new hole has opened directly over the Pacific Ocean!
And believe you me, it's gi-normous!
We've gotta do something!
We're above the hole now and a nuclear sub
is being sucked in!
No wait! It's turning!
It's turning!
WAVERN: Oh no!
It's... it's Naga himself!
He's here!
He's come for me...
and the Infinity Core...
Welcome to my world, oh great Naga!
What a strange place indeed...
Now, explain to me our next move, Hal-G...
First and foremost we must find Wavern.
That means all your Bakugan
must cover every square inch!
There can be no success without the Infinity Core
in our possession!
Then make it so!
My Bakugan are at your disposal!
Bring Wavern to me and then, the universe shall be mine!
Oh Infinity Core!
Come out, come out where ever you are!
[laughs]
Locked on target!
Hit 'em with everything you've got, boys!
Good job, men!
Oooohh, that was fun!
But Tricloid wants to play some more
with little planes!
Mission complete!
Let's head for home!
What the? ... Eject!
I'm hit! Eject!
EwwwWeee!
Tricloid likes playing with iddy biddy toy planes!
REPORTER: The entire world is in a state of pandemonium!
Military force is useless against these invaders
and political leaders are at a loss at what to do next!
Whoever or whatever these creatures are,
they are bent on destruction!
WAVERN: This is all happening because of me!
Millions of innocent people are at risk!
Naga will stop at nothing until he finds me!
We gotta lay low, Wavern, we just gotta!
If we head out now, Naga will find out
and it'll be the end of everything!
But...
We've got to do something!
What are you thinking about, Joe?
I'm a Brawler and we've gotta fight back!
Calling any and all Bakugan Battlers!
Come in please, we need you!
Our world and our Bakugan's world Vestroia
are being destroyed!
Naga...
he's the one after the Infinity Core...
If he and his human cohort Hal-G get a hold of it,
the entire universe as we know it, will be destroyed!
We've gotta band together and fight back!
Please! I need your help!
We must protect our world and Vestroia
before it's too late!
I'm counting on you guys!
I must go.
With the power of the Infinity Core inside of me,
I'm our best chance of defeating Naga...
Thank you for everything, Joe...
Wait!
I'm going with you.
Joe...
CHAN: Hey you two, cut it out!
Joe... I got your call... I'm in!
Chan!
Hey Joe, you can count on me too, buddy!
And me!
Whatever you need, I'll be there for ya!
Hey Joe, it's me Komba!
Sign me up too, pal!
Sweet!
Hope I'm not too late to join!
[overlapping voices]
Hey guys...
thanks so much...
Where are you, Wavern?
Give me the Infinity Core and maybe I can convince
Naga to spare your life!
Answer me, Wavern!
Bakugan Brawl!
Hmph!
What a bunch of ignorant fools!
Speaking of ignorant fools...
...welcome to planet earth, Tayghen!
If I'd had known you were coming I'd have arranged
a welcoming committee!
Correction.
I'd have made it a fish fry!
Hey, ya lump of sushi, ya ready to fight?
What's going on?
I thought we'd be greeted as liberators?
You think your one-eyed horned headed goon...
can beat me?
You gonna take that from her, Cycloid?
Not a chance, boss!
\u266a La la la la la...
Oh my, that wasn't very nice, now was it?
Hey, what'd you looking at?
If you thought it'd be a cake walk
without the Brawlers...
you're wrong!
[loud roar]
Use your words big guy...
And tell me you want to surrender!
Who did that?
Listen up all those who follow Naga!
I cannot let you pass!
Oh please!
You can't be serious?
Just what do you think you are doing?
She's protecting the Infinity Core...
And for your information,
that's precisely what we're all doing!
Alright!
With this many Battlers joining in to fight Naga...
we'll win in no time!
Joe, we can never underestimate Naga...
Never!
Hmph!
Now what, Naga?
Stay tuned!
More Bakugan Battle Brawlers coming up!
Now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Aquos Tornado!
Oops! You missed me!
I'll wipe that smirk off your face!
Nice try for an old girl!
But you...
might wanna use your brain...
'cause that brawn thang ain't working!
You're mine!
Ability Activate Now!
Right Gigante!
I can't believe how strong you are!
And smell isn't everything...
is that it?
Feel the power of Cyloid!
Oh yeah?
REPORTER: The fighting continues,
but now it looks like some of these creatures
are protecting earth!
That's it, get 'em!
You leave our world alone!
Or you freaks are gonna be sorry!
REPORTER: It appears children from all over the world
and these...these bizarre creatures are battling
together to protect earth against this alien invasion!
Look dear!
Those kids have Bakugan just like Dan's!
And they all look so determined win this battle!
For our sake...
let's hope they can...
KLAUS: Anthemusa!
[screaming]
Vortex Dark Flame!
Ability Activate!
Dive Mirage Now!
Okay... now what's happening?
Forcing Wave!
Looks like we win, doesn't it?
Why don't you creeps just surrender?
[laughs] Ah, I think that's my line!
No way!
How dare you fools defy me?
Now you will feel the supreme wrath of Naga!
[\u266a]
Wavern!
[struggling]
Wavern! You've gotta hang on!
You've just gotta!
For everyone!
I don't think you realize who you're dealing with, do you?
[scream]
[overlapping cries]
Hang on, Cycloid!
Ah, monster fall down and go boom?
Tentaclear!
Hope you got a kick out of that!
Fortress!
[screaming]
I'm so sorry I disappointed you, Klaus...
forgive me...
Sirenoid!
[Wavern screaming]
Wavern!
Naga's Negative Energy is attacking the Infinity Core
inside me!
I can't hold on...
I can't, Joe...
I can't hold on any longer...
Yes!
I've found it at long last!
Soon the Infinity Core and the universe
will be all mine!
Go my pets!
And bring me the Infinity Core!
And then, we shall be triumphant over all!
No...
Is there... anything we can do?
[horns honking]
Hey, this isn't over yet!
Nene's right...
it ain't over 'til it's over!
Got it?
Don't forget folks...
There's still time to call in the Brawlers!
Yeah!
Dan and his crew will know what to do!
[overlapping chatter]
There's still time to call in the Brawlers.
But are you sure there's enough time?
They're our last hope, Joe...
Try to make contact again.
You got it.
The Brawlers are our last hope to survive!
[static]
Dan... Dan...
Can you read me?
This is Joe?
Dan? Are you there?
Please come in... Dan!
Come in!
Yeah Joe...
I can read you...
Hurry, Dan!
You've got to come back!
You copy?
Come back?
Naga's in our world!
And he's brought all of his Bakugan!
You've got to hurry, the earth is under attack!
Dan, if you can read me, hurry!
We've got to get back there and help!
Then this has been just a diversion!
Naga tricked us!
It's a war zone here, Dan!
If you don't get here soon, we won't last much longer!
You've got to hurry, Dan!
Please, Dan!
Get the Brawlers back pronto!
Hey Joe!
Come in, Joe!
What's our plan of attack, Dan?
I don't think we even have a choice!
We've gotta go back and help out!
Yeah... but how?
If we go back the same way we came,
it will take too long!
And what if that transmission
is the real trap, guys?
TIGRERRA: I suspect Naga's already closed up
the Dimension Vortex.
PREYAS: Oh no, this doesn't look good!
There's gotta be a way outta here!
There just gotta be!
Aw man!
WAVERN: Drago...
Wavern!
Dan...
Dan, I just hear Wavern's voice!
Are you serious, Drago?
Drago...
That's the light from the Infinity Core!
T-That's Wavern!
Wavern's here? Ya sure, Drago?
The Infinity Core!
I can sense it too!
Hang on!
Does that mean the light somehow connected to our world?
She may be right!
Yeah, of course!
I always knew Drago and Wavern had some kinda
special connection!
Sweet Preyas!
There's still hope yet!
Yes, come in?
Okay gang...
Looks like the Brawlers have got a job to do!
Yeah!
We gotta hightail it home and show that creep Naga
who's boss around here!
Move out!
Up, up and away, Drago!
MARUCHO: In the next episode of the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
we face off against everything Naga has to throw at us!
He's desperate to get to the Infinity Core
that's inside of Wavern,
but it's the Brawlers' job to see that doesn't happen!
Let's see what you've got, Naga!
I'm first up and with Preyas,
there's no way I can lose...right?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure this is going to be the easiest
battle of my life!
Who am I kidding?
This is going to be one wicked war!
So make sure you don't miss the episode!